                        The CamlZip library

DESCRIPTION:

This Objective Caml library provides easy access to compressed files
in ZIP, GZIP and BZIP2 formats, as well as to Java JAR files and Unix
Tar archives.  It provides functions for reading from and writing to
compressed files in these formats.

REQUIREMENTS:

- Objective Caml 3.06 or up.

- The Zlib C library, version 1.1.3 or up.  If it is not installed on
  your system (look for libz.a or libz.so), get it from
  http://www.gzip.org/.  If you are running Linux or BSD, chances
  are that your distribution provides precompiled binaries for this
  library.

- [Optional] The BZip2 C library, version 1.0.2. If it is not
  installed on your system (Look for libbz2.a or libbz2.so), get it
  from http://sources.redhat.com/bzip2/. If you are running Linux or BSD,
  chances are that your distribution provides precompiled binaries for
  this library.


INSTALLATION:

- Edit the three variables at the beginning of the Makefile to reflect
  the location where Zlib and BZip2 is installed on your system.  
  The defaults are OK for Linux.

- Do "make all".

- If the Objective Caml native-code compiler is available on your platform
  (look for the "ocamlopt" executable), do "make allopt".

- Become super-user if necessary and do
         make install
         make installopt        # if you did "make allopt" earlier
         ocamlfind install zip META # If you use findlib
  This installs the library in the standard Objective Caml library directory.

DOCUMENTATION:

See the comments in files zip.mli and gzip.mli.

Compilation options:      -I +zip
ocamlc linking options:   -I +zip zip.cma
ocamlopt linking options: -I +zip zip.cmxa

With findlib, use the 'zip' package.

The directory test/ contains examples of using this library.

LICENSING:

This library is copyright 2001, 2002, 2006, 2007 Institut National de
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, and distributed under the
terms of the GNU Library General Public License (LGPL) with a special
exception concerning static linking.  See the file LICENSE for the
exact licensing terms.

Portions copyright 2004 Shawn Wagner.

BUG REPORTS AND USER FEEDBACK:

Please e-mail Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr

Bzip2, Tar and findlib problems should go to shawnw@speakeasy.org
